Assignment name: Assignment 4 
TCSS 305: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2015

Name: David Foster
UWNetID: davidf94
Subversion Revision Number: 26

Assignment Overview:
This assignments primary purpose was to test our understanding and skill using Java Swing GUI. GUI is an extremely important part of any program and it is the face
that every use sees when they first open it up for use. We were given a fully implemented back end and only had to write GUI code utilizing the premade classes. Doing
so in an efficient and future conscience way was important for this assignment as writing GUI code can be very repetitive. Writing it in such a way so that future 
modifications can be quickly and easily added is important for professional level coding.

Technical Impression:
I have a fair amount of experience using Java Swing and even some JavaFX so GUI is not unfamiliar territory for me. However, writing all the code by hand instead of 
using drag and drop GUI was a big change. Writing GUI can be extremely repetitive, especially at first when the final shape of the code is not clear yet. Coding at 
first was very messy and cluttered but having a rough draft can be just as important with coding as it is in writing. As I implemented all the pieces of the assignment 
together, my Swing experience came back to me and it got much easier. This was also the fist assignment where I liberally used helper classes, a tool that is extremely
useful for keeping code organized and concise as well as improving readability. Initially I did not understand how I was supposed to create buttons in the manner 
described. I wrote them as I would write other code I was stumbling through, very spelled out. Efficient programming often calls for more finesse. I went in for help 
and was pointed towards code that we were shown in class and it was extremely helpful in finding a way to effectively create buttons as well as name them and add 
ActionListeners all in one fell swoop in a small neat loop as well. Overall this assignment was an excellent refresher on Java Swing and a great learning experience 
on how to write GUI code in a better more professional way.
 
Unresolved problems in my submission:
I was not able to keep the image centered vertically as the window was resized.
I do not think the JFileChooser has enough code regarding file filters and opening to the correct initial directory, although it does save your last directory.
My ActionListener for my Open Button is longer than 20 lines but I don't have time to bring it down to size.
Questions:
none

