Assignment name: Assignment 5a 
TCSS 305: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2015

Name: David Foster
UWNetID: davidf94
Subversion Revision Number: 30

Assignment Overview:
This assignment was meant as a precursor to PowerPaint part B. It involved the initial set up of the GUI we will use for the finished product, as well as introducing
us to new GUI concepts such as radiobuttons, sliders, toolbars etc. Handling events including mouse events and key events are also practiced here, as they are key to any
interactive program, especially those that require user input which includes the vast majority. 2D graphics are also covered here and we get important practice working
with different classes used for drawing shapes and lines on JComponents.

Technical Impression:
Here I implemented the GUI with all the proper mnemonics attached to the proper components. I also was able to implement the drawing of multiple lines using an ArrayList
that stored lines drawn and I plan on using the same concept to store other shapes. Having the line show up while drawing proved a challenge but after some tinkering with
the different mouse listeners and changing how paintComponent handled the line helped fix the issue. I had some trouble wrapping my head around how the project itself 
would be split up into individual classes and packages. I can tell that I will need to improve on my code organization and the usage of inheritance to clean up code and 
allow for easy modification. I still have the tendency to hard code in a brute force manner to get the result I need without consideration for the larger picture. Putting
the labels on the JSlider confused me for a little bit because the method I thought put labels onto the slider used a Dictionary as its parameter, but apparently that is 
an obsolete class so I tried using a HashMap for a similar use but then found the implementation to be as easy as setting the method setPaintLabels in slider to true. 
 
Unresolved problems in my submission:
none

Questions:
What is a good way to lay out a project beforehand in order to organize it before I have all the code written already?

