Tetris part A 
TCSS 305: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2015

Name: David Foster
UWNetID: davidf94
Subversion Revision Number:41

Assignment Overview:
The purpose of this assignment was to continue and test our understanding of new concepts including GUI, events, 
animation and good project organization including a proper class hierarchy. This project came equipped with most
of the back end finished for us already, but working with it gave us practice with that kind of organization.
This was also our first assignment using timers therefore we were not dependent on user input for the program to
do something.

Technical Impression:
First I laid out my plan for the GUI and where I wanted everything so I had an easier time writing code to make
it happen. The main JFrame is similar to past GUIs we have done. I started to break the GUI into smaller parts
and handle them separately if there is enough complexity to warrant the attention. I then wrote a GamePanel class
to draw the game itself. The GamePanel is essentially a visual representation of the board class and so it has
the ability to draw the frozen blocks and also the current piece moving down. The coordinate systems did not match
up very well so there was a bit of math manipulation to make the pieces appear in the correct position. I tried
to keep most of that out of the paintComponent method and move it to a private helper method. I wrote a similar
class that only drew the next piece in line. I had a hard time wrapping my head around the coordinate system at
first and I am finding it difficult to give the display an aesthetically pleasing look. It is functional but the
game itself looks sub-par. I think JavaFX would be a useful tool to teach as it updates the look and functionality
of a lot of Java GUI which I think will lead to cleaner, more professional looking programs. This assignment really
did not require that much code, but what takes time is countless adjustments to make the GUI look the way that you
want it too without so much trial and error. Even if WindowBuilder would be easier to make fine adjustments too,
I appreciate the opportunity to work with the GUI code by hand and get experience with writing it out myself and
reducing dependence on tools.

Changes to the starter code:
none


Extra Credit:
none


Unresolved problems in my submission:
none


Questions:
none

